feat: broadcasting `idontwant` for published messages (#5773)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: protocols/gossipsub/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.48.0

> - Broadcast `IDONTWANT` on publish to avoid downloading data that is already available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow broadcasting `IDONTWANT` messages when publishing to avoid downloading data that is already available.
```
